and good hello to all and all his
fox calls and I have to present you
the tweak
sb flip that allow you to do
like on the iphone 6 plus what wants
tell to put your iphone in mode
landscape
so we can see that it works great
alright so I want a page two shots
Tismed in landscape mode
all fit perfectly and we're going
to pass right away we remain tweak
a folk casta and you'll see a
back section of the settings so sent
right now so that's all letting
tweak configuration so we have the
button on off we forced the rotation by
default so here we have the flip style
so we have either iphone 6 plus
ipad but I do not know what it is
do we advance right now it's me
seems like it's the same so 20
pts ira spring so here it seems to me
that it's the same thing it's okay
not change a lot of things by
compared to the iphone 6 they tire more
fashion because its part the same thing in
made
so here we go to see that all of
next and no it's almost the same in fact
maybe it's a little bit more
slow I do not know I do not perceive
see no difference if you see bad
write them in the comments because
that I do not see the difference
so we go the values ​​remain of the
settings so we have the style so we're going
to put six more we forced the dock to
bring into
so we have a button to put the
folders in skate so folders after
which I do not know what that means
in one button to delete the title of the
folders to enable rotation on the
lockscreen so it's still in beta and
in a daniel button to remove the
flow of files and doc
so we tested on the lockscreen pro this
that it makes everything colas
so I'm not giving up anything that can give
so that's really how he does not
so it's still in beta we can see
that there is a small bug for the code on
does not have any numbers so this is
necessarily it's a beta that makes sense
or so did not like on the lockscreen
an ipad it works well for a beta
still there is not too much bee so
this is for the screen so the thing that
is called sbf flip which is available
free on the source bigboss
do not hesitate to install it so if you
want to have the same effect as the iphone
6 more so for me it's small this
tested on iphone 6 so it works very
as well
so do not hesitate to install it
do not hesitate to subscribe to my channel
to put a little genius your question
in the comments
and I tell you an upcoming video
you have everyone